= rails3-generators

Rails 3 compatible generators for DataMapper, Haml, Factory-girl, Authlogic, Mongomapper, and Mongoid

== Explanation
This is a fork from the indirect rails3-generators at http://github.com/indirect/rails3-generators
Unlike these generators, this repository will not be as general or compatible as the source, but 
will speed up scaffolding a lot when some conventions are used. The main changes are:
* many strings from the scaffold command with haml now link to helper methods, in stead of being just stings
* The title is now done using the title helper method as used by Ryan Bates
== Getting ready
To fully use the features of these generators you should have the following:
* A yield :title somewhere in your layout
* a shared/_error_messages partial (A default is provided)
* Add the default translations given in this README to your config/locales/en.yml file
* Add the generated translations after each scaffold

Also soon I will add the used helpers to rails which can be overwritten in you own helpers. These are
* title
* new_text
* edit_text
* show_text
* destroy_text
* index_text
* update_button_text
* create_button_text
Now you can replace all your scaffolding links with images if you wish without a blink.
Assumptions for this repo:
* Your tables/columns are in English
* You will use internationalisation (Easy to get rid of, but built-in by default)

== Standard translation
The following translation strings are used. Change it using your own helper, or in the translation file:
  Errors title:
    one: one error prohibited this record from being saved
    other: "{{count}} errors prohibited this record from being saved"
  boolean true: "yes"
  boolean false: "no"
  New: New
  Edit: Edit
  Show: Show
  Back: Back
  Delete: Delete
  Create: Create
  Save: Save
  Are you sure: Are you sure?
== Namespaces
In the standard behaviour a namespace kind of thing can be achieved by using a scaffold statement like:
 rails g scaffold admin/modelname attribute:attribute_type
This however does not in a required result. In my opinion controllers and views should support namespaces,
but models not. An ugly temporary fix is the support for a namespace option. This can be used for example:
 rails g scaffold Page name:string parent_id:integer --namespace=admin
In this case the views will support links for namespaces. An action list for myself for this case:
* move app/views/pages => app/views/admin/pages
* move app/controllers/pages_controller.rb to app/controllers/admin/
* Open the model file
** Add Admin:: before the class definitions on the first line
** make the redirect to [:admin, @page] in the create/update actions
** make the redirect to admin_pages_url in the destroy action
* Ensure the proper routes
   namespace :admin do
     resources :pages
   end
* And don't forget to migrate :)

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests

Fork the repo, add a generator, send a pull request. Pretty simple.

== Contributors

DataMapper generators: Jose Valim

Haml: Paul Barry, Anuj Dutta, Louis T

Factory Girl: Paul Barry

Authlogic: Jeff Tucker

MongoMapper: Jai-Gouk Kim

Machinist: Darcy Laycock

Mongoid: Guillaume Belleguic
